Coronavirus Turned Southeast Asia into China’s Top Trading Partner

疫情影响下东南亚成中国最大贸易伙伴

Southeast Asian countries have become China’s biggest trading partner this year. At the same time, economic activity in wealthier nations has slowed because of the spread of the COVID-19 disease.

今年东南亚国家成为中国最大的贸易伙伴。同时，由于新冠肺炎病毒的传播，较为富裕的国家经济活动也有所放缓。

Trade between the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and China reached $240 billion in the first five months of 2020. That is an increase of 4.2 percent over the same period in 2019, China’s state-run Xinhua News Agency said. Chinese trade with ASEAN is about 15 percent of its total trade worldwide.

2020年前5个月，东南亚国家联盟(东盟)与中国的贸易额达到2400亿美元。中国官方媒体新华社称，这比2019年同期增长了4.2%。中国与东盟的贸易约占其全球贸易总额的15%。

China began easing restrictions related to COVID-19 in March. Vietnam and Malaysia eased their restrictions soon after. Many countries in other parts of the world are still struggling with shutdowns, supply system reductions and a lack of people buying products.

中国3月份开始放宽与新冠肺炎相关的限制。不久之后，越南和马来西亚也放松了限制。世界其他地区的许多国家仍在为停产、供应系统减弱和匮乏的购买欲而挣扎。

Jonathan Ravelas is the chief market strategist with Banco de Oro UniBank in the Philippine capital Manila. He said that Asian countries followed COVID-19 shutdown restrictions more closely than Western nations. Ravelas told VOA, “The way we do things…it’s better to deal with your peers. And that’s the reason (for) the potential bounce back in Asia.”

乔纳森·拉维拉斯是菲律宾首都马尼拉联合银行的首席市场策略师。他说，亚洲国家比西方国家更严格地遵守新冠肺炎隔离限制。拉维拉斯告诉《美国之音》：“我们的行事习惯……是能够更好地与同胞们合作。这就是亚洲经济有潜力迅速恢复的原因。”

The European Union (EU) was China’s top trading partner last year after pushing out the United States. But anti-coronavirus closures limited EU-China trade in the first three months of 2020, business advising group Dezan Shira & Associates says.

在美国遭到排挤后欧盟是去年中国的第一大贸易伙伴。但商业咨询机构协力管理咨询公司表示，2020年前三个月冠状病毒封锁限制了中欧贸易。

Rajiv Biswas is Asia-Pacific chief economist with IHS Markit in Singapore. He said factories in Europe bought fewer parts from China and shipped fewer finished goods, such as cars, back to China.

拉吉夫·比斯沃斯是新加坡金融信息公司IHS Markit亚太区首席经济学家。他说，欧洲工厂从中国购买的零部件减少，运往中国的汽车等产品成品也变少。

The United States has a weaker trade partnership with China because of increased import tariffs. A sharp decrease in consumer buying during shutdowns across the United States further reduced trade.

由于进口关税增加，美国与中国的贸易伙伴关系变得较弱。在美国各地停产期间，消费者购买量的急剧下降进一步减少了贸易交易。

Biswas added, “the trade war, and lockdowns this year have affected China-U.S. trade. And also, with the EU, since March, April and most of May, most of Europe was heavily affected and in lockdown.”

比斯沃斯还补充道，“贸易战和今年的封锁影响了中美贸易。此外，与欧盟的贸易自3月、4月和几乎整个5月以来，欧洲大部分地区受到严重影响，处于封锁状态。”

Becoming top trading partner

成为顶级贸易伙伴

ASEAN member countries and China had also reduced each other’s costs with a no-tariff trade deal that took effect in 2010. ASEAN and China are expected to sign another deal, the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership, to improve trade further later this year.

东盟成员国和中国也通过2010年生效的无关税贸易协议降低了彼此的成本。东盟和中国有望在今年晚些时候签署另一项协议——区域全面经济伙伴关系，并以此来进一步改善贸易关系。

Rising wages among Southeast Asia’s 640 million people permit growing numbers of Chinese goods, such as smartphones, to do well in the market. Industrialization of ASEAN member countries has created factories that buy materials from China to make finished goods. The products are then often sold in China.

东南亚6.4亿人口的工资不断上涨，使得智能手机等越来越多的中国商品获得良好的市场表现。东盟成员国的工业化创造了能够从中国购买材料制造成品的工厂，而之后这些产品通常也会销往中国。

Chinese imports from Vietnam rose 24 percent in the first three months of 2020 compared to the same time period of 2019. The value of goods from Indonesia rose 13 percent. The Dezan Shira group says that increase is because of “increasingly integrated supply chains.”

与2019年同期相比，越南进口到中国的货物总额在2020年前三个月增长了24%。而印尼进口商品的比率则上涨了13%。协力管理咨询集团表示，这一增长是因为“供应链越来越一体化”

Chinese imports of parts for electronic devices rose about 26 percent early this year. Biswas said that factories in Malaysia and Thailand were still able to produce them when European suppliers had problems.

今年年初，中国电子设备零部件进口增长约26%。比斯沃斯说，当欧洲供应商出现问题时，马来西亚和泰国的工厂仍然能够生产这些产品。

China still looked to Southeast Asia for palm oil, rubber and processed food, said Song Seng Wun. He is an economist with the bank CIMB in Singapore. He said, “Gradually, with economies stepping out from the lockdown and getting back on their feet, these things are starting to see economic activities picking up.”

新加坡联昌国际银行(CIMB)的经济学家宋诚焕表示，中国仍然需要从东南亚进口棕榈油、橡胶和加工食品。他还说，“随着经济逐步走出封锁并重新站稳脚跟，这些都会是经济活动回升的诱因。”

I’m Jonathan Evans.

乔纳森·埃文斯报道。



内容来自 VOA英语学习网：https://www.chinavoa.com/show-8789-242437-1.html