Over the past seven months, investors have put at least $6 billion into more than 20 companies working on autonomous delivery of goods and food. 
These include autonomous flying vehicles and heavy trucks, a recent Reuters study found.

在过去的七个月中，投资者已向至少20家从事无人配送货物和食品的公司投入了至少60亿美元。路透社近期的一项研究发现，这些投资中包括无人驾驶飞行器和重型卡车。

Most of that investment C at least $4 billion since January C went to big companies like Waymo and Didi Chuxing, China’s biggest ride-sharing company.
Both companies are attempting to create separate autonomous vehicle services to carry goods and people.

这些投资大部分(自一月以来至少有40亿美元)都流向了Waymo和中国最大的拼车公司“滴滴出行”这种大公司。两家公司都试图建立单独的无人驾驶汽车服务来运送货物和载人。

While delivery robots built to operate on sidewalks have received much media attention, they have drawn little recent investment. Still, an increasing number of cities and companies are trying them out.

专门用于人行道的送货机器人虽受到了媒体的广泛关注，但它们最近获得的投资却很少。尽管如此，越来越多的城市和公司在尝试使用它们。






Christopher Bruno is head of the Fairfax, Virginia, economic development office. 
He worked to get Starship sidewalk robots on the streets as soon as the coronavirus crisis shut down the area.
“I think without a crisis, there would have been some skepticism as to whether this would have been used or not,” Bruno said. Skepticism refers to a kind of doubt.

克里斯托弗・布鲁诺是弗吉尼亚州费尔法克斯市经济发展办公室的负责人。由于冠状病毒危机迫使当地封锁后，他便着手安排“星舰”人行道机器人上路。
布鲁诺说：“我认为如果不来一场危机，一定会有一些怀疑论者去质疑这些机器到底有没有用武之地。”怀疑论特指一种怀疑的态度。


Bruno said even though the approval process for new businesses usually takes six to 10 months, “we did it in a week and a half.” Currently, 20 robots are delivering food and other products in Fairfax.
布鲁诺还表示，尽管新业务的审批过程通常需要6到10个月，但“我们在一周半的时间内完成了审批。”目前，有20个机器人在费尔法克斯运送食物和其他产品。



Some investors warn that recent media coverage has increased hopes too much about autonomous delivery services, which still face technical and legal difficulties.

一些投资者警告称，最近的媒体报道增加了人们对自动货物配送服务的期望，而自动货物配送服务仍然面临技术和法律问题。

Quin Garcia is the managing director of Autotech Ventures. He noted there is a certain amount of hype - talk that makes people excited - around autonomous delivery.

奎恩・加西亚是汽车技术风投公司Autotech Ventures的常务董事。他指出，媒体对自动货物配送存在一定程度的炒作，因为这是一个能引发读者兴趣的话题。

“While there’s increased hype around automated delivery right now due to coronavirus,” he said,
“this health crisis will be mostly resolved in a few years from now before automated on-road delivery is ready for mass adoption.”

他说：“尽管现在冠状病毒引发了对自动货物配送的很多炒作，但是现在这场健康危机要好几年才能解决，而那时自动货物配送尚不能被大规模采用。”

