https://blog.csdn.net/Sundam/article/details/82755715


https://blog.csdn.net/weixin_44144341/article/details/85109296


团队合作
1、What are the bad effects of never praising your teammates?

As a team leader,you should always be readyto praise your teammates whenever they had done a
good job.Not to show your appreciation for their efforts can discourage them and as a result can lower the moral of the team.


2、What are the qualities bad leaders have in common?

Bad leaders usually have a negative attitude towards everything.They are overly critical and
always see nagative outcomes in just ablut everything the team mambers do.They cannot trust people and usually lack communication
skills,so they tend to ignore information or concerns raised by his teammates.


3、Should the length of service be considered in selecting a team leader?

Yes.If you choose a person who has worked in the company for a considerable length of time,he
certainly has a good knowledge of the organization,and can make better decision suited to the workplace.



4、Is emotion management skill important for a team leader?

Yes.Being a team leader can be emotionally challenging.Emotional maturity is what a good team leader should possess.He should be
able to not only control his own emotions,but gauge the motions of his team,manage their anxieties and effectively influence them 
in a positive way.



内部沟通

1、Do you think it's important for staff members to learn PowerPoint presentation skills?


Yes.Presentation skills are important in every profession but are considered of prime importantance in
the corporate world.Presentation skills are essential drivers of our activity, they ably assist us in 
puting our ideas across to other people and win understanding from them.

Presentation skills are essential drivers of our activity which enable us to show our ideas and views to other people and win understanding from them.


2、Do you communicate with your colleagues often and how?

Yes.I often communicate with my colleagues,we share corporate information together,exchange news and views.
In most cases,we chat with each other,sometimes we email to each other.


3、Is dressing important for the ppt presenter?

Yes.Dressing should be given extremely importance,as the first impression before the presentation is vital.
The presenter should be neatly dressed to leave a good impression on the audience.




4、What do you think of hummor in bussiness presentation?

Laughter is necessary in work.Corporate humor helps to make your workload light and boosts your energy level.And if you have a
sence of humor,it helps to enhance atmosphere at presentation and the audience will become more friendly and engaging.



5、How important is corporate ppt presentation?

A lot of business promotion depends on our day to day interaction with various people.Presentations
are an integral part of it.Effective presentations are instrumental in promoting business and earn profits.


降低经营成本


1、Is it important to consult a cost accountant when staring a new project?

Yes.It's paramount in cost control.The cost accountant can prepare budgetsand give a prognosis for the project.
His advice is essential in deciding whether to undertake or abandon the planned project.






2、In what ways is customer service related to cost reduction?

Customer service can enhance customer satisfaction and loyalty.Good customer relationship helps
to improve your company image and boost sales.As a result,largescale production will be cost 
effective for your company.


3、Do you think people can be trained to work more efficiently?

Yes I think staff training is extremely important nowadays.You see,technologies keep changing and if employees
get regular training,they would be able to work more efficiently.It's the competence of the workforce
that sharpens the competitive edge of the company.

4、What changes in cost management do you expect will happen in the future.

I expect it will head towards more cost-efficient methods,involving more parties in the process of production:
not only corporate management and staff,but also suppliers,retailers and even customers.




1、What benefits will your company gain from shift work operation?

If we keep our equipment operating round the clock,we'll be able to use our productive equipment
to its fullest potential,that would help to optimize the production process.You see,improved 
productivity translates directly to higher profits.



2、How important is it to inform workers of the hazards of night shift?

It's certainly of great importance.Employees' well-being and security should be the first priority
of the management.When shift workers are fully aware of the hazards,they will take better care of 
themselves.

3、Do you think companies should provide health counselling facilities?

In my opinion,it's must in this highly competitive age.Employees often become stressful and develop
health problems.Management should provide health counselling facilities to help improve the physical
and mental health of the staff and boost their morale.
(No.A company cannot possibly provide everything to its employees.As health counselling facilities are
available anywhere,employees can readily go to them after work.But it's good for companies to provide
information about these facilities.)


4、Should work enviroment be taken into consideration when designing shift work?
Poor working conditions add to the strain of shift work.Adequate lighting,clean 
air,proper heat,air-conditioning and reduced noise will help to reduce the shiftworker's
burden.

5、Is regular physical exercise important for shift workers?

Phtsical exercise are extremely important for night shift workers.Jogging,walking,cycling
or swimming will help them to relax and to minimize stress.You see,shift work disrupts
the body rhythm and is very harmful to your health.


减少管理费用

1、What expenses do people typically incur on a business trip?

Expenses on a business trip include hotel bills,traveling expenses,public transportation
fares,fax or telephone charges and client entertainment expenses,etc.


2、How should companies control business travel expenses?
Companies should develop a sound expense claims system to prevent any system abuse and
possible malpratice.Companies should also encourage their business travellers to get 
discount air tickets.




3、Do you think it's necessary to have control over the usage of electricity?
Yes.Electricity costs are a very important component of overheads,if a company can 
keep electric rates low,it will certainly be very helpful in overheads reduction.




4、Is it important to involve employees in overheads reduction project?

Yes.Overheads are the indirect cost of business,they are closely related to the
welfare of all staff members,so concerted efforts are needed from both managers
and staff to implement the overheads reduction project.




1、How important is it for companies to keep overheads down?

Keeping costs under control and overheads down is a priority for all organizations,
because overheads costs are directly related to the company's profitability and welfare of
the staff members.


2、Is it a good idea to cut investment to reduce overheads?

No.Cutting investment to reduce costs is a shor -term measure.In the long run,it is unfavourable to company development,
as limited scale and productivity weakens a company's competitive edge.
(Well,it all depends.If your business diversifies too much,you might as well as cut some of your investment and just focus
on some areas.In that way,you will be able to reduce overheads.)


3、Might there be some measure that would not be effective?

Yes.If you set a very low limit on telephone bills,employees might fail to maintain regular contact with their clients or customers
for fear of over-expenses.



4、What do you think the manager should do in overheads cutting project?

I think the manager is responsible for budgeting overheads and carefully tracking the costs,
minimizing expenditure at all time.He should also see to it that staff members abide by the rules as required.


5、What new ideas do you have to keep overheads costs down in a company?

Companies can make use of the Internet,conducting routine office work through digital media.
We can convert every single paper process into a digital one,the so-called "paperless offices".
It lowers overheads very effectively.



如何应对繁重工作

1、Do you ever feel overworked?
Yes.Sometimes I am really overwhelmed with the heavy workload and feel tired and fatigued.
As a secretary in the company,Ihave so much paperwork to du and often have to rush to meet
tight deadlines.And I never seem to have time to take a holiday.
(No.I don't feel overworked though I have a heavy workload.As a salesman,I enjoy my work and
feel happy every time I locate a contract.I always take time to relax myself:doing jogging 
regularly,going fishing at weekends.So I feel quite refreshed when I go back to my work.)


2、What problems do staff usually have when they are under the burden of a heavy workload?
When they are under the burden of a heavy workload,employees will often feel frustrated or depressed.
This would result in stress-related illnesses,such as high blood pressure and fatigue.Employees will
be in very low morale and give very poor performance in their work.

3、Do you think companies should provide sports facilities for their staff?
Yes.I think it's wise for companies to provide sports facilities for their staff.
Employees can make the best use of these facilities to keep fit,so they can have better performance
in their work.It's very rewarding.
(If all employees have easy access to sports facilities,both the staff and company will benefit.
Sports activities not only enable employees to keep fit,but also generate team spirit and it's a
great way to create a sense of common goals among staff.)


4、What types of sports do you like watching or playing?
My favourite sport is table tennis.It's moderate exercise,but it requires great skills both tactical
and technical.You have to have speed,stamina,dexterity,shrewdness and quickness in decision-making.
It's the most popular sports game in China I think.
(Of all sports games,I like football most.It requires a great smount of skill combined with athletic
ability,strength and creativity.It also requires accurate and quick decision-making.)



What facilities should companies provide in workplace to alleviate stress at work?
Companies can provide childcare facilities,eldercare facilities or transportation facilities
to help employees cope wit these responsibilities,in this way,emplyees don't have to worry too much ablur these things,
so they can take things easy.


How important is it for employees to have time outside work?
It's very important.You see,if they have more time outside work,they can relax,do physical exercises,
take up hobbies,travel,etc.They will feel less stressed and happier both at work amd at home.

What other options are available to balance employees' work and life?
Companies can introduce flexible working,or flexitime or homeworking so that there's less conflict
between work and life.

Do you think time management helps to reduce stress at work?
Certainly.If you cam manage your time well,you can work more effectively, and find more time to 
refresh yourself and you can retain a healthy balance between work and life.


What are the major pay-backs of reducing stress of the overworked staff?

It's highly rewarding.It will benefit both company and the employees.It helps employees to live a 
happier life and it also helps to boost their morale and enhance employee commitment to the company.




工作环境：

1、Why should companies create a pleasant working enviroment？

Companies should seek to create appealing working enviroment,so that employees will look forward to
coming to work each day.And a business-casual professional enviroment enables employees to be more 
productive.


2、How important is it to consider health and safety when planning  workplace layout?

Accidents can happen in the workplace and cause injuries to the employees.So companies have health
and safety obligations an dshould take precautions to provide a safe work enviroment for their
employees.



3、Do you think cost is the most important thing to consider when buying office furniture?

No.I think the most important thing to consider is to ensure worker comfort,so as
to minimize the drudgery of work and increase productivity.
(Yes.I think cost is the first thing to consider,particularly for small companies.You see,purchasing office appliances will cost them a great fortune.
They really need to compare prices before they buy.)



4、Is it a good idea to rent office equipment instead of buying them?

Yes.The speed of technology change is faster than ever,office equipment like copier,fax machines 
become out of date soon.So I think it's better to rent office equipment rather than buying them.
What's more,you get the service contract when you rent equipment.
(No.I think,companies have to buy basic,durable equipment that will last for years,such as desks,
phones,etc.,but they don't need to buy every piece of equipment,they can rent expensive,high-tech equipment that will soon 
become obsolete,for example computers,printers,fax machines,etc.) 




1、What are the advantages of a pleasant working enviroment?

People will become more productive and efficient in pleasant work enviroment,and good working conditions will help to bring out
individual creativity.

2、What are the advantages and disadvantages of moving to new offices?
The advantages include better working conditions,more spacious and pleasant enviromet.The disadvantage
are:you're not used to the new enviroment and the newly furnished office might be toxic and harmful to health.


3、Do you think employees work more efficiently in spacious offices?
Of course,I think a spacious office is conductive to having fun in the work while the employees become more
productive an maintain quality and effectiveness of work.


4、What shoud companies do to increase employees' work safety awareness?
Companies should offer training programmers and acquaint their employees with work safety rules and
regulations.All employees must be given safety information and accident prevention instructions.


5、In what ways will offices change in the future.
In the future,I think all office equipment will be digitalized and work efficiency will be further improved.
Or perhaps staff members can make better use of the Internet and work at home,I think home offices will be
popular.


商业道德

1、Do you think companies should place high priority on business ethics? 
Yes.Companies should follow moral principles when they conduct business,because their decision can affect society,and they
have responsibility to their customers,employees,stocjhilders and creditors,etc.So operating in an ethical manner is essential 
to company success.



2、Is it necessary for every company to have clearly stated business ethics?
It is essential that every company should establish a specific code of business ethics
and responsibilities that sets guidelines for business activities.All emplyees must keep that
in mind and constantly apply it to performance of all activities for the company.



3、How important is integrity in business operation?
Companies shoud apply the highest standards of integrity to everythinf they do.You see,without integrity,a company cannot possibly gain
trust of customers,clients and public,as a result,it will cetainly fail tosurvive in the highly competive age.

4、What are the usual unethical behaviour in business activities?
Major unethical behaviour in business include fraud,tax-avoidance,cheating.lying and corrupt pratices like offering and
taking bribery,secret commissions,inside trade,etc.These thinfs erod the principle of integrity that
lies at the heart of our business organization.


1、How important is the issue of ethics in the worplaces?

The issue of ethics in the workpalce is of vital importance.In today's competitive market,any company
without a coherent ethics policy cannot possibly survive,they would certainly lose ther competitive advantage to their rivals.


2、What should be done to ensure that all company staff follow the code of conduct set by the company?

The issue of ethics should be put into company development programmes for all employees,from the shop floor to the boardroom.
Companies need to offer training courses,lectures,case analysis to make sure that all staff act in
compliance with the highest standards



3、What do you think integrity will bring to the company?

Integrity will surely create wealth.If you act with integrity in business,you can enjoy good reputation and a good 
public image.That would keep good people in your employ,and keep customers coming back for youer productions
nad services.



4、what corporate responsibility objectives should companies set for themselves?
Comapnies should not just seek profits only,the also have social obligations or what is
called Corporate Social Responsibility.They shoud be concerned with well being of the society,
they're responsible for enviromental protection and upholding the principle of integrity.


5、Do you think emphasizing business ethics is contradictory to making profits?

No.I don't think business and ethics clash.Indeed,good ethics means good management.If companies
ignore moral concerns,violate laws,or act unethically,they cannot possibly survive,let alone making any profits.