人员招聘
1、 Are there any advantages of filling openings from internal sources?

Yes.Promotion-from-within has some motivational value.It is a kind of reward for employees for their performance and will
encourage them to continue their efforts and also give other employees anticipation of promotion for similar efforts.This 
can improve morale within the organisation.
(Yes.Transfer can serve to protect employees from layoff,or broaden their job experience Furthermore the transferred emplyees'
familiarity with the organisation and its operation can reduce the orientation and training costs.)


2、What do you think of recruiting employees through the Internet?

It is a new and modern source of recruitment and is becoming popular.Undoubtedly,Internet recruiting is of low cost and wide 
coverage,which can reach a large audience of possible applicants and is very convenient.
(In present situation,online recruiting will keep some qualified applicants of low income families outdoors and isn't 
appropriate for recruiting employees for jobs of low position.


3、Are there any advantages of external recruitment?

Yes,difinitely.An astounding share of Fortune 500 companies hire executives from outside when replacing their CEOs,and prove to be
contributable to the companies' overall growth and success.

(Yes.It is essential for revitalizing the organisations.Applicants hired from the outside can be a source of new ideas and may bring 
along with them the latest knowledge acquired from their previous employment.)

(No.Excessive reliance upon external sources will deprive present jobholders of career anticipation,thus discouraging them from 
working harder for the companies.)

(No.External recruitment will entail more costs for orientation and trainging.And it's sometimes difficult to determine whether the 
organisations' efforts to lacate promising talents are effective and cost-efficient.)



4、Are there any advantages of external recruitment?

I prefer the panel interview,because decision made by three to five interviewers can avoid bias and discrimination and thus be more reliable
and acceptable.In addition,the panel interview can be more efficient by shortening decision time.


(I prefer the traditional one-to-one interview,especially for small companies,because it can reduce recruiting costs,In my opinion,the number of 
interviewers isn't as important as the capability,personality and experience of an interviewer.)




1、Do you think it's important to consider potentiality of the company when deciding to accept a job offer?

Yes.In a company with potentiality,you can expect new opportunities for career advancement,handsome salary
and other material success which ensure comfortable life.


2、Would you choose TV advertisement for job vacancy?

Normally not,since TV advertisement can be very expensive.When advertising job opening,we should take budget and
the type of job into consideration.

3、Is company culture important to you when deciding to accept a job offer?

Yes,it's important to consider the company culture,since company culturn will determine your job satisfaction and 
potential development in the company.

4、Would you consider salary when choosing a new job?
Yes.Salary is important for bread and milk and should be reasonable and match what I've comtributed to the organization.

5、What kind of qualities are important to be a salesperson?

For a salesperson,being extrovert and good at communicating are crucial,since a salesman needs to influence and persude
the potential customers.


员工培训

1、 How do you think a supervisor should select employees for training courses?

As a supervisor,you must be impartial in selecting employees for training.You should base your training decision on sound
management practices without regard to factors such as race,color,religion,sex,sexual orientation,national origin,disability,
or age.

2、Is it important for you to be offered opportunities for training in a job?
Yes,training is important for me to handle new and more demanding assignments,maintain effective nad satisfactory performance.
Offering employees training should be the obligation of modern organisation.
(It depends on the sort and level of training,Nowadays training offered by organisations isn't so effective and sometimes proves 
to be time-wasting.I prefer flexible learning and I am confident with my ability of self-teaching.)

3、How to make a training course successful?

Good preparation ensures more effective training.Preparing appropriate and effective content and materials is helpful,such as
information ablut learners' relevant backgrond,interests,prior knowledge,handouts,materials and instructions for all activities
and other necessary materials.
(To make trainging effective,you should consider location,making sure that you choose an appropriate location for your presentation,
and eliminate environmental distractions,such as noise,poor seating arrangements,poor lighting,etc.)

4、Who do you think should contribute towards the cost of employees' training,the employees or the employer?

The employer should pay for the training,because employees are the greatest asset of modern organisation and paying
for training is just a kind of investment.

(Both the employees and the employer should pay for the training,because training brings nutual benefits to both parties.After an effective training,
both organisation and individual will become more competitive.)


1、What trainging would you hope to have in the future.
The training of foreign languages,usch as English.The globalisation of economy and wild spread international cooperation
all need bridge of a common language.And Englis is one of the most widely-used languages.


2、Is it better to attend a full-time or a part-time training course?
A full-time training is preferable.Because is allows the employees a complete range of time to focus on learning.Without
the interruption of work,they can concentrate on acquiring new knowledge and skills,thus ensuring an effective training.
(A part-time training is preferable.SInce I can not only improve my skills and knowledge,but also take care of my job and 
my family at the same time.)

3、Do you think companies should provide training for all their staff?

Yes.Colleagues should be treated equal.Their knowledge and skills need to be improved.

4、Do you think companies will use external agencies to run their staff training program more in the future?
It's difficult to predict.It depends on the development and reputation of the externale agency,on people's attitudes towards training agency,
on the finance of the companies,etc.

5、Are there any disadvantages of turning to an external agency to run staff traning program?
Yes.Using external agency to train staff involves a great deal of investigation and  can be risky.An inexperienced
external agency will not only cost time but also waste money.



