step outside their home 步出家门
cheer for 为。。。加油
restaurant 餐厅
airplane 飞机
flew 飞的过去式
as a show of thanks 表示感谢
all these expressions of thanks
pandemic 流行疾病
dead 死人
death 死亡
Catton spoke to reporters Last week.
There are not enough nurses in many areas
low income country
lower-middle income country
It points to 尤其指
be ready to 准备
the expected needs 预期需求
estimate	预计
anticipte
measures in place 已经采取手段
chlorine 氯
to take nessary steps 采取必要步骤

Nursing shortages are an issue

publish	发布
release	发布
state 现状
oppose 对抗

head of 负责人
COVID-19
in various parts of the world
worldwild

largely
mainly
discrimination in workplace 职场歧视
fear contagion 害怕传染病
The WHO's who
a relatively experience 相对新的看法

Catton said there have been reported around the world of abuse of health workers.
That was during outbreaks of Ebola and HIV,the virus responsible for the disease AIDS.


make up the majority of all health workers



Every night at seven o'clock,New Yorker step outside their home to cheer for health workers who are treating
coronavirus patients.Horns from automobiles and police vehicles added to the cheering.

Some New York restaurants are making meals for doctors and nurses who worked in the city's hospitals.

Last week,U.S military airplanes flew over New York and other citys as a show of thanks to healthcare workers.

With all these expressions of thanks,reports of attacks on health workers are surprising.

The World health Organization,or WHO,and top nursing offcials called on countries to protect nurses and
other healthcare workers from physical and verbal attacks.They noted that the men and women are making sacrifices
in their lives every day to fight coronavirus pandemic.

Catton is head of the Internation council of nurses.He said that about 100 healthcare workers are reported have died
from COVID-19,the disease caused from the new  coronavirus.Many nurses are among the dead.Catton spoke to reporters
last week.

Even before the virus began to spread,many nurse have difficult jobs.About 28 million people work as nurse.These
represent 59 precent of all healthcare workers worldwild.

Last week,WHO offcials the Bursing Now campaign and the International council of nurses released the first
"State of the World's nursing report".

The reported says that there are not enough nurses in many areas.Nursing shortages are mainly in low and lower-
middle income countries,it noted.


The number of new nurses dose not meet the expected needs in many cuntries,the report said.It points to the country
where many nurses are nearing the retirement age.It said that well-trained healthcare workers must be ready to do 
the work of those who have retired.

The report estimated that eight precent more workers will be needed each year.

Nursing shortages are a issue in many parts of Africa

Discrimination and attacks.



Though nurse make up the majority of all health workers,the report says that their value is not recognized.
It noted ninty precent of nurse are female,they are usually the victims of discrimination in the workplace.
One surprising fact is that,a little over a third  of countries (thirty-seven precent) reported measures in place
to prevent attacks on health workers.




Some healthcare workers have been attacked during the COVID-crisis because people fear contagion.A nurse in Maxico
reported that someone threw a miture of water and chlorine at her she walked home.



Catton said that there have been reports from around world of abuse of healthcare workers.



Catton said it's completely unacceptable.He called from governments to stop such abuse and make sure that public
health messages are clear and fact-based.



It's completely unacceptable.He called for governmamets to stop such abuse and make sure public health messages
are clear and fact-based.

sss said that it was a relatively new experience for people to regard health workers as a potential risk as opposed
to being solution to this current crisis.He added that in the current crisis,it's important to take nessary steps





























