Empty Middle Seat? Depends on Which Country You Are Flying In.

机舱中间座位是否留空 取决于您在哪个国家飞

For years, travelers have gotten used to low-cost flying on planes filled with passengers. 
But, like everything else, the coronavirus will change their expectations.

多年来，旅客们已经习惯了在满载乘客的飞机上低成本飞行。但是，和其他一切一样，冠状病毒将改变此种期望。

Feng Xueli from Beijing took a flight within China recently. The airplane was full because it was permitted under Chinese rules.

来自北京的冯学礼（音译）最近乘飞机在中国境内飞行。由于中国解封，这架飞机允许满员载客。

“We needed to wear a mask during the flight,” he said. “You also need to go through a lot of temperature checks and security checks when you leave the airport.”

他说：“飞行期间我们都需要戴口罩。离开机场时还需要进行多次体温检查和安全检查。”

Travelers, airlines and airports are dealing with the different rules put in place during the pandemic. The rules are different in almost every country.

旅客、航空公司和机场都在执行大流行期间下达的不同条例规定。几乎每个国家的规定都不一样。

In Thailand, you cannot have food or water on the airplane and you must wear a mask. In Malaysia and Indonesia, the plane needs to be half-empty. In the United States and Europe, airlines are not required to leave the middle seat open. This means passengers cannot keep social distance.
 
在泰国，乘客不能在飞机上吃东西或喝水而且必须戴口罩。在马来西亚和印度尼西亚，飞机只能乘载一半乘客。美国和欧洲并未强制要求航空公司留空中间座位，而这意味着乘客或将无法保持社交安全距离。

Subhas Menon is head of the Association of Asia Pacific Airlines. He said that it is not going to be easy to travel “because of all of the measures that are going to be introduced.”

苏巴・梅农是亚太航空协会主席。他说，（航空）旅行会变得更困难，“因为所有措施都将被推出执行”。




For years,travellers have gotten quite used of low-cost flight on plane filled with passangers. 
But,like everything else,the coronavirus will change their expectations.


冯学礼 from beijing recently took a flight within china,
The airplane was full because it was permitted under Chinese rules.

We need to wear a mask during the flight.
You also need to go through a lot of temperature checks and security checks when you leave the airport.


Travellers,airlines and airports are dealing with the different rules put in place during the pandemic.






on plane 飞机上
like everything else 和其他一切一样
within china
under chinese rules
airport 机场
deal with 处理
put in place 颁发，下达

