This is the VOA Special English Agriculture Report.

这里是美国之音慢速英语农业报道。

Thanksgiving Day is America's version of a harvest festival. The holiday is celebrated on the fourth Thursday in November.

感恩节是美国庆祝丰收的节日。每年11月的第4个星期四是感恩节。

This Thursday, millions of Americans will join family and friends to give thanks and eat a meal with a history that is centuries old.

本周四，数百万美国人将和亲朋好友聚在一起表达感谢，并吃上一顿具有数百年历史的大餐。

Early European settlers in North America held other ceremonies where they gave thanks.
But what Americans often consider the first Thanksgiving took place in Plymouth Colony. Today we call it Massachusetts.

北美的早期欧洲新移民举行过另一种表达感谢的仪式。但美国人通常认为第一个感恩节发生在普利茅斯部落。今天，我们把这个地方称为马萨诸塞州。

Those settlers are known as the Pilgrims. They held a three-day celebration in the fall of sixteen twenty-one. 
They celebrated the harvest with members of a local Indian tribe.

这些新移民被称为清教徒。他们在1621年秋天举行了一场为期三天的庆祝活动。他们和当地印第安部落成员一起庆祝了丰收。

The best known food that Americans traditionally eat on Thanksgiving is turkey. 
The nation's turkey producers are expected to raise two hundred forty-two million birds this year. The government says that is two percent fewer than last year.
Last year's turkey production had a value of about three and a half billion dollars.

美国人在感恩节上通常食用的最有名的一种食物是火鸡。今年，全国火鸡产量预计将提高到2.42亿只。美国政府称，这比去年减产了2%。去年火鸡产值达到了35亿美元左右。

Thanksgiving turkeys are traditionally served with a bread mixture that some Americans call stuffing. Others call it dressing. 
Side dishes include cranberries, sweet potatoes and green beans or other vegetables. The meal traditionally ends with a dessert of pumpkin pie or pecan pie.

感恩节火鸡通常都会配上被美国人称为填料的面包混合物一起食用。配菜包括红莓果酱、甜山芋、绿豆或其他蔬菜。这顿大餐通常以南瓜饼或山核桃馅饼等甜点收尾。

Some Thanksgiving foods have changed over time. For example, most turkeys these days are bred with larger breasts to provide more white meat. 
Corn -- known in much of the world as maize -- has also changed. It tastes much sweeter than the starchier corn of the past.

随着时间的推移，一些感恩节食物也发生了改变。
例如，当前大多数火鸡都被养得胸肥体壮，以便提供更多白肉。
在全球大部分地区被称为包谷的玉米也发生了改变（maize、corn中文都翻译成玉米）。它比以前富含淀粉的玉米吃起来更甜。

and eat a meal with a history that is centuries old.

Early European settlers held other ceremonies where they gave thanks.But What Americans consider the first Thanksgiving day took place in Plymouth Colony.
Today we call it XXX.

These settlers are known as Pilgrims. Thet held a three-day celebration in Autumn of 1621.They celebrated the harvest with members of local Indian tribe.
The best known food which Americans traditionally eat on Thanksgiving day is turkey.
The nation's turkey production are expected to rise to 242 million birds this year.
The government said that is 2 percent fewer than last year.
Last year's turkey production has a value about 3.5 billion dollors

America's version 美国版的
harvest 丰收
settler 移民
immigrant 移民 
that is centuries old 具有数百年历史
what Americans often consider 美国人通常认为
Pilgrim 清教徒
in the fall of 1621 1621的秋天
Indian tribe 印第安部落
raise 提高
The nation's turkey production 全国火鸡生产总值
had a value of 价值
stuffing 填料
main dish
side dishes 配菜
cranberries 红莓果酱
sweet potatoes 甜山芋
green beans 绿豆
dessert 甜点
desert 离开，荒岛
over time 随着时间的流逝
are bred 被培育
starchier 含淀粉的