More US Restaurants Remove Dining Areas

美国越来越多的餐馆取消了就餐区

Dining rooms are disappearing from restaurants in the United States, as Americans increasingly use apps to order food.

随着美国人越来越多地使用app点餐，美国餐厅里的饮食区域正在逐渐消失。

One example is the new Chopt Creative Salad Company restaurant, which opened last week in New York City. It is unlike any of the company's other 61 restaurants. 
It has no cash registers or dining tables.

举个例子，上周在纽约新开张的Chopt创意沙拉公司餐厅。它不同于该公司其他61家餐厅。这里没有收银机，也没有餐桌。

Atlanta-based restaurant Chick-fil-A has similar locations in two cities: Nashville, Tennessee and Louisville, Kentucky. Customers order and prepay online.
They can either go to the store for their meal or have it sent to them.

亚特兰大的福来鸡餐厅在田纳西州的纳什维尔和肯塔基州的路易斯维尔也有类似的分店。客户在线订购和预付。他们可以去商店吃饭，也可以让人打包外送。

Chick-fil-A is also trying something different. The company has announced plans to set up three "delivery kitchens." 
In all three, Chick-fil-A will share space with other restaurants to prepare food for delivery only.

福来鸡也在尝试不同的方法。该公司已经宣布计划建立三个“外卖厨房”。在这三家餐厅中，福来鸡将与其他餐厅共用空间，只提供外卖食品。

Digital orders are a major growth area for fast-food and fast-casual restaurant chains. More are turning to these dark, or ghost, kitchens to cut costs.

数字订单是快餐和休闲快餐连锁店的主要增长领域。更多的人转向这些黑暗的，或幽灵般的厨房来削减成本。

Wendy's, another fast-food business, announced last month that it aimed to open two "dark kitchens" by the end of the year.

另一家快餐企业Wendy's上月宣布，计划在今年年底前开设两家“黑暗厨房”。

Some food delivery-only operations in New York and San Francisco have failed in recent years.

近年来，纽约和旧金山的一些只提供食品配送的业务经营不佳。




Move US Restaurant remove dining areas.

Dining rooms are slowly disappearing from  Restaurant in U.S. as Americans increasingly use apps to order food.

One example is the new Chopt creative salad Company Restaurant which opened lask week in New York city.
It's unlike any of thc company's other 61 restaurants.
It has no cash registers and dining tables.

亚特兰大-based  Chick-fil-A has similar locations in two city:.
Customer can order and prepay online.They can either go to the stroe for theri meal or have it sent to them.

Chick-fil-A is also trying something different .The company has announced plans to set up three "delivery kitchens"
In all three, Chick-fil-A will share space with other restaurants to prepare food for delivery only.

Digital orders is a major growth area for fast-food and fast-casual Restaurant chains.


分店 locations
have it sent 外卖



