Vietnam Post-Virus Recovery: Economy Soars

越南病毒过后经济腾飞式复苏

Vietnamese Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc looked very happy during a visit to an industrial park last weekend. He talked to workers about their health and examined the speakers being produced in factories.

越南总理阮春福上周末参观了一个工业园区且心情看起来很不错。他和工人们谈论了他们的健康状况，并检查了工厂生产的扬声器。

The visit was part of a government campaign to reopen Vietnam’s economy after containing the disease COVID-19. There is very little sign of the novel coronavirus in Vietnam. The nation has gone over six weeks without an infection, helping it to open earlier than other Southeast Asian nations.

这次访问是政府遏制新冠肺炎病毒后重新开放越南经济活动的一部分。越南几乎没有发现这种新型冠状病毒。该国已经六周多没有新的感染病例，这也利于它比其他东南亚国家更早开放。

HSBC bank used the term “Pho'nomenal Vietnam” when talking about the country, a reference to the well-known Vietnamese soup. In a report last week, the bank said Vietnam is the only Southeast Asian economy that will grow in 2020.

汇丰银行(HSBC)在谈到越南时使用了“Pho'nomenal Vietnam”一词，这个词汇指的是一种著名的越南河粉。汇丰银行上周在一份报告中表示，越南是2020年唯一会增长的东南亚经济体。

Devendra Joshi and Herald van der Linde are investment experts at HSBC. They noted in the report that the trade arguments between other nations are creating opportunities that will help Vietnam’s economy.
 
德文德拉·乔希和范德林德是汇丰银行的投资专家。他们在报告中指出，其他国家之间的贸易争论正在创造有助于越南经济发展的机会。

The trade tensions between China and the United States is just one example. Because of tariffs, goods in both nations have become more costly. Many companies moved their factories from China to Vietnam to escape the taxes. So Vietnam became the unexpected winner in the trade war.

中美之间的贸易紧张关系就是一个例子。由于关税，这两个国家的商品都变得更加昂贵。许多公司为了逃税把工厂从中国迁到越南，越南也因此成了贸易战中出人意料的赢家。

The coronavirus also helped Vietnam’s economy in unexpected ways. When China took action to stop the virus, international supply chains suddenly stopped. Businesses looked to Vietnam as a supplier, and money flowed into the economy.

冠状病毒也以意想不到的方式帮助了越南经济。当中国采取行动阻止病毒时，国际供应链突然断供。很多企业将越南视为供应国，而资金也因此流入越南经济体。

When the coronavirus hit Vietnam, forcing schools and companies to close, the economy slowed, but continued to grow at a yearly rate of 3.8 percent.

冠状病毒袭击越南迫使学校和公司关闭时，越南经济也有所放缓，但仍以3.8%的年增长率在增长。

explosive economic recovery in Vitcnam after virus.

Post-virus Recovery